docs(code-style-guide): Add unit test function name rule (#667)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/contributor/pages/code-style-guide.adoc

----

====

== Writing tests

=== Unit test function names

> Function names of unit tests must not include the `test_` prefix, because otherwise `cargo test` will produce superfluous output like `memory::test::test_addition::case_1`.
> Instead, use an appropriate name to describe what is being tested.
> The previously mentioned name could for example be renamed to `memory::test::addition::case_1`.

Reviewer: I've split this paragraph into:
- Rule
- Why
- Action

```suggestion
Function names of unit tests must not include a redundant `test` prefix or
suffix.

It results in the output of `cargo test` containing superfluous mentions of
"test", especially when the containing module is called `test`. For example:
`my_crate::test::test_valid`.

Instead, use an appropriate name to describe what is being tested. The previous
example could then become: `my_crate::test::parse_valid_api_version`.
```

I added blank lines for readability, but you're welcome to change that in the suggestion. I also change the example test to line up with the ones in the code examples below.
